Insider: Add instructions for how to revert Insider to public build (#441)
obsidianmd/obsidian-help: en/Advanced topics/Insider builds.md

- In the forum, create a new topic under [Bug reports](https://forum.obsidian.md/c/bug-reports/7).

When you report an issue, include the build version and the OS you're running it on. You can find the build version under **Settings > About > App > Current version**.

> ## Go back to public builds on desktop

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Change back to public builds on desktop
```

> To go back to using the public (non-Insider) builds on desktop:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To change back to using public (non-Insider) builds on desktop:
```

> 1. Disable Insider builds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Disable Insider builds.
```

    1. Open **Settings**.
    2. In the sidebar, select **About**.
    3. Under **App**, disable **Receive insider builds**.
2. Close Obsidian.

> 3. Delete the file named `x.xx.xx.asar` (where the `x`s stand for numbers):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Delete the `obsidian-VERSION.asar` file, where `VERSION` is the Obsidian version.
```

>    - Windows: `%APPDATA%\obsidian\obsidian-0.xx.xx.asar`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Windows: `%APPDATA%\obsidian\obsidian-VERSION.asar`
```

Reviewer: Another alternative is to only type the folder that contains the file, i.e. 

> Windows: `%APPDATA%\obsidian`.

Author: I've committed your first suggestion because it was easier to do, but both of your suggestions seem fine to me.

I think %APPDATA% with no explanation may confuse average users. I left it as-is because I don't have a good replacement, but hopefully it can be improved now or in the future.

>    - Mac: `~/Library/Application Support/obsidian/obsidian-0.xx.xx.asar`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Mac: `~/Library/Application Support/obsidian/obsidian-VERSION.asar`
```

>    - Linux: `~/.config/obsidian/obsidian-0.xx.xx.asar`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Linux: `~/.config/obsidian/obsidian-VERSION.asar`
```
